[extension/zpages] document unsupported none level (#11016)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: extension/zpagesextension/README.md

They also allow you to quickly examine error samples

Example URL: http://localhost:55679/debug/tracez

## Warnings

This extension registers a SpanProcessor to record all the spans created inside
the Collector. This depends on a TracerProvider that supports

> the SDK methods RegisterSpanProcessor and UnregisterSpanProcessor. Settings
> the trace level to `none` in the service configuration configures a No-Op

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the SDK methods RegisterSpanProcessor and UnregisterSpanProcessor. Setting
`service::telemetry::traces::level` to `none` configures a No-Op
```
